Release Firecracker v1.1.4 (#3307)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.1.4]

### Fixed

> - Fixed a bug on ARM64 hosts where the upper 64bits of the V0-V31 FL/SIMD

Reviewer: Nit space:
```suggestion
- Fixed a bug on ARM64 hosts where the upper 64 bits of the V0-V31 FL/SIMD
```

Author: I copied it from main. It may be worth fixing it there instead.
